in 1959 a revolution occurred in Cuba
which brought the Fidel government to power
Castro Favorite Delivers
socialist development of the usa
appreciating the threat of their own
the borders of the Soviet bridgehead began
combat training
to overthrow
The USSR Power Plant announced that it will not allow
American aggression against
fraternal cuban people
led to Cuba his troops with rockets and
unwrapped the air defense system
Soviet command
demanded that US planes
stopped flying posts
warning that will be shot down
if our somali
american plane
the situation is tense president
the United States turned a lot
election on which depended further
the fate of mankind
military forcing
and reached its climax
in this situation
inevitably
conflict will lead to numerous
m all over the world
only in the first hours and nuclear war
80 million people will die in the US
strikes on Havana's cube wiped out
Soviet tanks turned western
state prosecution did not react
in the army 4
Anglo American alliance and union
formed
task of each year
stand against others
everyone saves his role
between the warring parties
and the impossible